# Mars Meteorite Sampling Trip
This folder contains the files for Homework 2 in Module 3 for this class. This assignment revolves around working with JSON files, focusing on creating, writing to, and retrieving data from the file `sites.json`. 

## Task 1
Task 1 consists of generating a list of 5 meteorite crash sites with the following parameters:
- Site ID
- Latitude (between 16.0 and 18.0 inclusive in decimal notation)
- Longitude (between 82.0 and 84.0 inclusive in decimal notation)
- Composition (random composition between __stony__, __iron__, and __stony-iron__)

| Artifacts | Description |
| - | - |
| `generate_sites.py` | Generates a dictionary of meteor crash sites following the parameters above and saves the results in `sites.json` |
| `sites.json` | JSON file generated by `generate_sites.py`. Contains five sites. |

## Task 2
Using the list generated in *Task 1*, a trip for a robot on Mars will be planned based on site order. The program will output the travel times of each trip and the total time the trip should take.

The trip follows the following conditions:
- Robot starts at the coordinates (16.0, 82.0).
- Robot travels at 10 kpm.
- Robot moves to the sites in the order they appear in the list.
- The time display is in hours.

| Artifacts | Description |
| - | - |
| `schedule_trip.py` | Reads site data from `sites.json` and calculates robot's trip based on the conditions above. |

## Running the Files
Follow the following steps to try out these programs:
1. Download `generate_sites.py` and `schedule_trip.py` onto your local device. Ensure you have Python3 installed.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Move to the directory contain the downloaded files.
4. Run `python3 generate_sites.py` in your terminal.
5. Run `python3 schedule_trip.py` in your terminal.

## Results
The results are split into two sections: 
- The first section describes trips to each individual site. The columns are arranged as such: th first column indicates the next destionation, the second column indicates the travel time to that site (in hours), and the third column indicates how long it will take to samle the meteor at that site (in hours). 
- The second section represents the total number of trips made and how long the trip will take in total.
